the trick here is we stay quiet and let
him talk shit this prison thing creeps
me out why did you say you're his sister
see him in a family meeting room and I
could slip in the contract this is
Christ are shaking well I'm nervous I
took my ritalin but it's not kicking in
have one of your fence fence oh I tried
to tell water for those we were from bad
Whitney you know about the militia group
movie set anything up why is it my job
to call the militia because I pay the
bills yeah what would we go with this
anywhere networks you would say cable
anywhere I gotta talk to him off to get
an angle you know see if the baby crows
or what what about the video footage
anything graphic have to sell only for
body turns out alright what what I mean
what we got to start justifying this
video expense we got to sell some
footage somewhere we're working it well
thank you the money's almost gone and
it's my money nothing is popped yet look
maybe your mom stop pushing hard enough
for us are we giving him enough material
I don't know you want to do namba Tory
uh-huh sir let's park these down when
you
hi we left the yacht the serenading
caterer that was busy singing o solo mio
when his Roach coach cut fries fired
towards that whole Pacific Palisades
going on yeah good one huh how the devil
um what about the midgets who got
arrested yeah or they know we got the
rights for that but I haven't figured an
angle back you know oh and what
celebrities want to play midgets anyway
exactly what about Gentiles show me
genoese the french girl lived in the
sword a rat's rear hello uh yeah we have
shinhwa's rights alright maybe you can
make him a
ladies men you know sort of a mark
harmon type you know okay he lives in
the sewer by day eating his wrath thanks
good at night goes to clubs did any uh
seduces women yeah you tell you what the
grease fire thing is a little bachelor
sewer pad god damn it yeah okay thanks
well they found the kid fifty bucks ten
tues what do you find him he walked over
those aunts house like the shower cap
guy said any angle dad
we gotta stick to the police monitors
night all night all night yes we need to
find some fresh material hello hey
Reynolds knock on the window man oh
great you're taping this god I need
sleep well you get sleeping you'd stop
popping those uppers not uppers it's
medicine for adult attention deficit
disorder why couldn't we reschedule this
because this woman has freaked out over
what happened to her she might lose her
nerve if we put it off what happened to
her some kind of sexual harassment
something horrible and unusually she
wanted to talk about it over the phone
and then we got in the car and we drove
away and we just barely walked away with
our lives I mean I just got to put it to
you straight we need more money to get
the project
listen to me I need more money to keep
it all together look I am driving that
old white ninety six months our money in
this business drives white cars they
drive black cars yeah I haven't had my
collagen injections in what three months
I mean you don't have to do all my own
paperwork and make all my phone calls
why because I don't have a fucking
assistant you know the doctor is pretty
damn sure that I have developed chronic
fatigue syndrome give I'm rhyming and
running around here in rags and tie it
all the time the house is a disaster
because this remodel my marionette lines
are getting worse and worse by the
minute I wish I have two questions for
you Clark there's no questions one do
you believe in me and two will you
support me financially one no and to
know
leave the kids out of this God knows
they're fucked up enough get down family
meeting right now god damn it get down
her sit down I just want you kids to
know that your father doesn't believe in
me penny refuses to support my career I
give him sex I make a nice home for him
and for you and he doesn't care a shit
about me or my knees or my future don't
follow me leave me alone